Prepare user manual for new hardware model (#113)
dividat/playos: docs/user-manual/Readme.org

#+attr_html: :width 800px
[[../screenshots/install-playos.png]]

To continue installation enter ~y~ and press ~Enter~. Note that installation will delete any data already present on the computer's storage disk.

Installation takes around 5 to 10 minutes. After the installation completes successfully, the computer will automatically restart the computer and boot into the newly installed PlayOS system.

> ** Required boot configuration in BIOS

Author: It is only a very small and relatively stable group of people who install PlayOS on a machine that has been never set up with PlayOS. Most cases would be reinstalling a machine to switch channel, try a lab environment, etc. My thinking was hence that for the majority it would be more confusing than helpful to start with the instructions for BIOS configuration.

> ** Required boot configuration in BIOS

Author: I reordered the first paragraph: https://github.com/dividat/playos/pull/113/files#r1108117926

#+CAPTION: Boot medium menu after pressing F7
#+NAME: fig:boot-selection-dh110
#+attr_html: :width 800px
[[../screenshots/boot-selection-dh110.png]]

If you use any other PC, the steps for selecting the boot medium may differ.

** Running the installer

The installer will start and display a boot loader menu:

#+CAPTION: Installer boot loader
#+NAME: fig:installer-boot-loader.png
#+attr_html: :width 800px
[[../screenshots/installer-boot-loader.png]]

Select the first entry and press ~Enter~. This will boot the PlayOS installer. After the installer is completely booted a prompt will ask for confirmation to install PlayOS on the computer's disk:

#+CAPTION: Confirmation to install PlayOS
#+NAME: fig:install-playos.png
#+attr_html: :width 800px
[[../screenshots/install-playos.png]]

To continue installation enter ~y~ and press ~Enter~. Note that installation will delete any data already present on the computer's storage disk.

Installation takes around 5 to 10 minutes. After the installation completes successfully, the computer will automatically restart the computer and boot into the newly installed PlayOS system.

** Required boot configuration in BIOS

> In order to install and run PlayOS, the PC needs to be set to UEFI mode and allow booting custom operating systems. When updating a computer that has been used with PlayOS before, there should be nothing to do. Hints for initial setup are given below.

Author: I rewrote the first paragraph to make more explicit when it apples:

```suggestion
The following section is only relevant for PCs that have not been used with PlayOS before. You can skip it if you are updating an existing installation.

In order to install and run PlayOS, the PC needs to be set to UEFI mode and allow booting custom operating systems.
```

Author: bc3c670
